Revise SDF Quickstart (#347)
infinyon/fluvio-docs: sdf/quickstart.mdx

# SDF Quickstart

Provisioning and operating a Stateful Dataflow is simple and only requires two prerequisites:

1. A [Fluvio Cluster] to enable dataflows to consume and produce streaming data.

> 2. A [Dataflow File][dataflow-yaml] to define the schema, transformations, and composition.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. A [Dataflow File][dataflow-yaml] to define dataflow to source, and emit transformed data. 
```

> You can build, test, and run Stateful Dataflows locally, then [deploy] them to your InfinyOn Cloud cluster. Soon, you will be also be able to publish dataflows to the [Infinyon Hub], share, and install them with one click.

Reviewer: Omit future plan.

        id: words

> ```

Reviewer: let's move this into embedded section

Author: What embedded section?

### 5. Show State

> Stateful Dataflows are of course, stateful. SDF will keep track of certain metrics automatically for you. Leveraging custom state objects is extremely powerful, but for now, let's just check the built-in metrics.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Stateful means state ( data value ) is persistent in durable storage and will not be lost when SDF session ends similar to database.    There are built-in state values which keep track of SDF dataflow status.   Then there is user define state where you can arbitrary define values to keep track.
```
```suggestion
Stateful Dataflows are of course, stateful. SDF will keep track of certain metrics automatically for you. Leveraging custom state objects is extremely powerful, but for now, let's just check the built-in metrics.
```
